good morning the kitchen wanted me to go there
we will prepare new bars
goji berry bars e
chocolate regarding
the equipment we need a mixer or
very powerful blender to create a
fairly comminuted mixture e
compact a spatula to cut out
dryer or refrigerator bars for
make the fingers harden choose
the option that is most congenial to you
the hassle is optional because it goes
even the only fridge that is very good
in any case we will need it to preserve
then the cool bars especially in
summer with regard to
ingredients we always have one
50 percent proportion of walnuts e
seeds and dried fruit
so we have 40 grams of seeds of
sesame that we have already rehydrated e
washed by the soaking water
ditto for cashews and almonds
they are 45 grams of cashews and 45 grams
of almonds 30 g of goji berries 100 g
of pitted natural dates and
finally 50 grams of dark chocolate
rho for whose recipe you can view
the link below the info of this video
we're already shredding it to small
squares with this tool that a
simple sliced ​​wavy vegetables in
so as to immediately get out of the
chocolate squares and chocolate bars
you can already buy in the shops
specialize in raw food 3 tbsp
of jacon syrup if you do n't have it
you can use gava syrup
proceed
we put immediately in the container of
blender and sesame seeds 45 grams of
cashew 45 grams of almonds away and go
with goji berries 40 g
and dates then 100 g of rare gases 30
of total giorgi 103 3 tablespoons of
syrup of yacob 1 2 and 3
we put all the ingredients
so provided it is the flakes of
chocolate
because we will put those once
we will have shredded the mixture to make the
obvious viano finger
put the compass we kept
on a pastry board we add
to the dough the chocolate chips
let's wait with our hands
the dough trying to create one
thickness of about one centimeter the
bars as usual will be long
14 cm for a width of 3 cm
here we have already sized the rectangle
long 18 high 14 to have in sequence
the six bars
Here it is, now we put them to harden
of the fridge null dryer for the time
necessary
after a few hours in the fridge or
dryer the fingers are ready one
true ideal energy charge
especially for those who play sports and
store them in a cool place
dry all the more in the summer because
they contain chocolate that blends well
good food all more evolutionary all and to
next video recipe